over the last 11 years we watched my
next guest grow and blossom into real
adult people tomorrow night you can see
them on the two-hour series finale of
Modern Family joining me now from their
home say hello to Sarah Hyland Arielle
winter Nolan Gould and Rico Rodriguez
hi guys have you been keeping in touch
or since you guys finished taping the
show is was that it and Rico has
occasionally played me back indoors so
when I do but when I do it's really fun
and like we do it like all day of the
four of you who guess is taking the
quarantine the least seriously don't you
guys dare say me I know you guys have
any of you watch the finale yet or are
you waiting to see it on television I'm
gonna be watching it with the families
at home that you guys cried on the final
taping was or that were there tears shed
I had Nolan at his table
yeah for sure it was real emotional I
mean like for me I was like kind of
keeping it together for the like the
last shot and the right when I heard
everyone's starting to talk and then
everyone was like okay you know it's
about that time where it was that was
the last take then all of a sudden Eddie
put his arm around me and then I just
went from zero to 100 real quick and it
was just waterworks the rest of the day
who will you miss most of your cast
mates let's go around we'll start with
Arielle who will you miss most with you
if I didn't live so close to Nolan and
no one ever so close it'd be Nolan but I
look close
- Nolan I live near Rico and I can talk
to Riga I live near Sarah I'm gonna say
Edie because and it always do they're in
Hawaii or Sam Sarah how about you yeah I
that's a good point Arielle like I live
so close to you guys and I'm so close
with Jesse and his husband Justin but I
probably will miss ed the most because I
feel like we're not gonna sleep it's
such a good point you see him very long
time you guys should just go over to
Ed's house in the middle of the night or
something if you're gonna miss him so
much I think he'll surprise like Hawaii
right now which is like the most
everything I'm like are you locked down
in your beach house in Hawaii you poor
thing I hope you're gonna be okay it'll
be a good healthy swim all right so
since you guys are only giving family
members for one more day we wanted to
take this opportunity to play a special
sibling rivalry edition of scavenger
hunt I assume you know how a scavenger
hunt works the rules are simple I will
ask you to find an item or complete a
task and your job is to do that as
quickly as you can and we have actually
yes okay oh that's right it's you're
still family
technically a round on if there was a
relationship let's put it that way all
right all right so are you ready here we
go first thing bring back something you
love go get something you love bring it
back
Sarah is fast Sarah what's your dog's
name
Rowland ran to the pound I have I have
four dogs so like I don't want one to
feel like she's getting you
special treatment but this one does have
a fence at the hair tie right now I have
a feeling we all grab dogs but you know
what Nolan you have the oh no I think
sarah has the biggest dog you win that
round just based on pounds okay next
challenge is to get your phone and read
a text from Julie Bowen extra points if
you've got any kind of profanity let's
start with Rico go ahead Rico okay Julie
texted me love you I got carried away
with my crafty page sorry I forgot to
bring it
okay Sara one-a-day what colors what
does that mean she's been knitting
beanies and they requested a beanie okay
Arielle your hair is nice and normal
hello it but I'm not gonna read it oh
you can win this round and if it's good
I'm not gonna read it on TV
yes know it do you want actual profanity
because I've got a lot yes yes give us
something good okay
yes also I also I had requested the
snotty Arial is 11 minutes late comment
from whose phone by the way it was not
Toby er tre I have confirmation of that
be excised from documentary all right
we're gonna give that around to knowing
I'm finally your final challenge bring
back the largest bottle of alcohol in
your house yes the dogs are going for it
too that's right America the kids from
Modern Family are now all of legal
drinking age now do you feel old
alright here we go okay ari else come
back with uh-oh
what is that fireball no Bacardi
we've got oh that is a rubbing alcohol
very clever Rico and I'm prepared you
know and so far how many ounces we got
there but definitely the slowest member
of the family is Nolan for sure you only
may have stopped and had a drink on the
way let's see what Nolan comes back with
Noah what do you have five dollar
pendants from 7-eleven all right you
know what I think we're gonna have to
say the winner is fireball because that
is that bottle is the most fault all
right now drink the whole thing on
camera no I'm gonna call us a four-way
tie because you all performed very
admirably and each one a miniature
bottle of hand sanitizer street value
$800 you guys we look forward to to
seeing the big finale thank you for
being a part of this and you your show
will be missed you guys will be missed
as well but I'm sure you guys will be
around the modern family to our series
finale
tomorrow night 8:00 7:00 central here on
ABC thank you guys we'll be right back
with music from Sam Fisher live from the
lavatory